Myth of The Captain Wolf

Chapter 1

Long ago…on the seas there was a captain his name was silver wolf. He sail the seas, before he became a captain of the seas….

He sail under Captain Everton, but he was not a great captain. Silver wolf had good friend named Ron John.

Silver Wolf and Ron John plan with other pirates a mutiny and take over the ship and Silver wolf as captain… 

The mutiny was successful the took the ship…but Silver wolf was a reasonably man so he set the his old captain and the captain mates off in a row boat and sailed away… 

Few days later… they were sailing for a few days now all was peaceful but then the pirate up in the crow nest spot the mist… the mist was a story passed through pirates… is when someone sail into the mist they never return….

It was too late for them to alter course so they let the ship sail into the mist….

Two days in the mist…Captain Silver woke up and then spotted a letter on the captain table… he opened up and it read “Dear Captain…. We were running out supplies so the mates and I took the other row boat so you and Ron John can survive. - your mates” Captain whisper to himself “why..” he cry a little…


:Then he heard a sound that was coming from the deck he couldn’t make it out what… he thought it was a siren call so he took his cutlass, while Ron John saw his Captain so he followed him to the deck…


When they got onto the deck they saw a Spirit shape as a woman, and the woman said “hello there pirates.” Captain look at Ron John and John look back At him the lady continues “ I have been watching you two and saw that you two are great brave pirates…


Captain silver said to the lady “I just became a captain not to long ago we did nothing great” the Lady said “ if you wish I can lead you to shore.”

Captain silver agree and he went to the wheel and let lady guide them..and then it went black vanddrFine vanddrFine

Silver Wolf and Ron John woke up on a island

Captain silver Wolf and Ron John woke up on a island as they stand up they are met by a person who seems to be a pirate the pirate said “Ahoy there pirates I see you are awake, My name is Silly Jim.”

Captain Silver Wolf said to the to Silly Jim “ Ahoy there Jim I am Silver Wolf and this is my mate Ron John.” Silly Jim had kind expression then he said “ I saw you laying here and I decided to check on ever so often to see if you are still here, now that awake come with me.”…

Silly Jim took the pirates to place that look like pirate town with shops and a tavern….Silly Jim said “Welcome to Silver Shores Pirate outpost.”



